thank you for joining us after another
weekend of sadness and outrage in the
United States we had two more mass
shootings one on Saturday in El Paso the
other in Dayton Sunday morning horrible
senseless tragedies again with many
lives lost and again our leaders in one
party in particular are offering not
much more than their thoughts and their
prayers and you know I was thinking and
praying about it and both parties say
they say one thing that were too divided
and this is something we hear a lot that
we need to find something we can agree
on well here's something we can agree on
too many people are being shot with
high-powered weapons I think we agree on
that they did a poll last year 97
percent of gun owners these are gun
owners support universal background
checks 97 percent that's unheard of you
could ask people is ice cream delicious
and not get 97 percent but the Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell this
evil soulless old creep won't even allow
the Senate to vote on a bipartisan bill
to require background checks for gun
purchases at gun shows there are two
bills each written by Democrats and
Republicans together because background
checks something we agree on these bills
that the bills passed in the house in
February and to become law we'd have to
pass them in the Senate too but Mitch
McConnell made sure the Senate couldn't
even vote on them he didn't bring them
to the floor and they left for recess so
tell Mitch McConnell we have some good
news call him and tell him the good news
is we agree on something for a change we
agree that he needs to drag his bony
gray ass back into work to vote on these
bills let's start with that thing that
we
okay it's unbelievable
yesterday 49 Republican members of
Congress refused to go on CNN to talk
about the shootings and the cops in
Dayton ran into the line of fire to stop
the guy shooting the politicians were
too cowardly to go on cable television
to talk about it and meanwhile this is
what our president was busy with this
weekend this is not a joke
ASAP rocky released from prison and on
his way home to the United States from
Sweden it was a rocky week get home ASAP
ASAP good one mr. president you got that
dollar sign in just the right spot but
back to the shootings in El Paso and
Dayton we're talking to a lot of people
and a lot of things are in the works and
a lot of good things and we have done
much more than most administrations and
it's just not really not talking about
very much but we've done actually a lot
but perhaps more has to be done
yeah yeah yeah do more that would be
good because whatever you've been doing
doesn't seem to be going too great he
refuses to take any responsibility for
any of this but he did take the
opportunity to point that little finger
of blame you'll never guess who the
media has a big responsibility to life
and safety in our country fate news has
contributed greatly to the anger and
rage that has built up over many years
news coverage has got to start being
fair balanced and unbiased or these
terrible problems will only get worse he
blamed the fake news and later he and
some other Republicans blame video games
and of course there are zero studies
that link video games to gun violence
and they play video games all over the
world this is the only place where this
happens regularly video games have not
been linked to gun violence but you know
it is linked to gun violence guns are
linked to gun violence that the phone
isn't a true
it's really good anyway the president
today tried his very best to be
presidential
they even fired up the old teleprompter
so Trump could finally come out against
white supremacy and offer words of
condolence to the people of Dayton Ohio
which he calls Toledo may God bless the
memory of those who perished in Toledo
yeah nobody perished in Toledo
it was Dayton they're different cities
and by the way the word Toledo if you'll
see here it wasn't even in the
teleprompter someone got this shot and
it clearly says Texas and Ohio so nice
worked on burgundy here doing great and
this really tough this gives you some
insight into how much this man cares 14
minutes after he tweeted about the
shooting in El Paso on Saturday he
followed it up with a shout out to you
UFC fighter fight hard tonight Colby you
are a real champ
hashtag Magga and like many Americans
who've been repeatedly punched in the
head Colby Cummington is a big Donald
Trump supporter and there's nothing
Donald Trump loves more than people who
love Donald Trump the other reason Trump
was so interested in this fight is his
sons Eric and DJ TJ were making an
appearance there well of celebrities and
royalty in the house tonight the Trump
brothers Donald jr. and Eric here this
afternoon in support of Colby Covington
yeah look at that it's it it's it's the
dishes of Hazzard
those guys are so cool this is a couple
of normal dudes who never lino what to
do with their hands and their faces